Initial commit of refactored log viewer with support for typed communication between renderer and worker. (#45)
y-scope/yscope-log-viewer: new-log-viewer/docs/dev-guide/var-naming.md

# Variable naming

To differentiate variables that use different starting indexes (0 vs. 1), we use the following
naming convention:

* 1-based indexing variable names end with the suffix `Num`
* 0-based indexing variable names end with the suffix `Idx`

> Variables that are a total also use the suffix `Num`. 

Author: ```suggestion
Similarly, variables that represent a total number of items are named with a prefix "num".

For example:

* logEventNum for a 1-based indexing variable.
* arrayIndexIdx for a 0-based indexing variable.
* numEvents for the total number of events.
```
